{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh9920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lag jan-mar 112\
april-jun-7\
july-sept- 26\
Oct-Dec- 67\
Jan-Current-3\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\qj\partightenfactor0

\b\fs22 \cf0 I have improved LAG alarming by cancelling the kernel noise from NASA alarm as well improved the lag check to reduce the false positive on lag out of sync error. I have also fixed
\b0  and improved
\b  
\b0 the lag_check where it was generating 
\b high volume 
\b0 of 
\b ticket
\b0 s.
\b  
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Total tests:\
BGP: 130 + 13 (CRI)\
IP unnumbered:10\
LAG: 15 \
SNMP:6\
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth8640\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4500\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4140\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lag_sync_issue\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf2 11\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0   \
\
NetOSPlat-693\
min-link change on fly, added log to add min-link effects on bond going up/down\
\
\
\
2612\
2992\
\
\
check with lakshmi about tt data and search\
Highest # of CRs posted and reviewed\
Get the total tests has been automated by you data \
\
\
TT data   (11 sev2 for lag out of sync) \
4 different roles call out each separately \
\
Delevery:\
Marlin\
RORE\
challenged how do we resend the route to all peer without refreshing the connection\
\
internship sim framework reduced the copy on each container \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 I have since learned networking and various protocols (BGP, OSPF, SNMP, LLDP etc.) used in our AWS network. I have also picked up the essentials of networking like LAG, Linux bonding driver and SNMP. While working on this feature I got an opportunity to learn anatomy of live packets flowing through various OSPF area and inspecting the content a packet. The automation written by me helped us to gain the confidence in the feature and I released this feature for management networking team within a month. 
\fs24 \

\fs22 \
\
\
\
Technical knowledge \
stubby area \
\
\
Quality of work\
\
Engineering Practice\
\
Operational Excellence\
reducing false positive caused ops issue less\
lag_check.py\
changelog helped to complete the RCA\
\
Team\
Apart from these features request I took ownership to solve few non-trivial bugs like min-link change setting on fly and adding route-map support for aggregate route. Given that I was one of the initial member of marlin team I took responsibility of build master job which involves weekly (or on demand) image building, running tests and doing a preliminary analysis of test result and communicating the progress to various team. \
Easy approachable  24 hours reachability during release cycle.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 helped lakshmi for ops issue \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
\
\
bearing multiple hats \
build master\
customer facing font (face)\
developing features\
\
Develop Others\
\
\
\
Features:\
CRI\
lag with min-link change works on fly\
agg route-map \
SNMP IPV6 \
ospf stubby area\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Very smart, and a fast learner, thus it is a pleasure to work with him. 2. Asks a lot of questions so at the end he will build quite a good understanding of a system. 3. Able to come up with solutions quickly. 4. good communication skills. Do not have anything more to add so will put two words.\
Gautam doesn't give up when issues get hard, he utilizes his resources and peers well to learn and push forward.\
Gautam has extensive knowledge of the tools, how to handle failures in the tools and shares this knowledge freely. New hires approach him for help all the time, when they get stuck. He has gained very good expertise on what needs to be done in supporting the AWS network, and helps bring everyone up to speed on the process.\
Gautam is an awesome team player. He is a joy to work with, as I can always count on him with the responsibilities given to him. He is capable of wearing various hats, and never says no to any work assigned to him.\
Gautam is good at deliver results- examples are Marlin. He promotes ownership and customer obsession- seen on the LAG and link flap operational issues and updating the AlmachHealthCheck package. Gautam is also proactive in participating in code reviews.\
Gautam is prompt with his work. He has given me useful feedback on code reviews, and has helped me come up to speed on various aspects of quagga.\
Gautam's super power are he is friendly and he is detail oriented. He provide details in his test plans that makes me happy while working with him.\
Gautam's super power is deliver results. I worked with him closely on Marlin where he developed a key feature of conditional routing with minimal bugs. He wrote elaborate tests in both simtest and ndtest for his feature. He did a great job as the build master for Marlin. Hes also cleaned up CP runbook for Ops in lag area.\
Gautam's superpower is his willingness to learn and to accept helpful feedback. He is willing to accept tasks that he might not have a background in, but he always accepts the challenge and is proactive in reaching out to SMEs. I have found him to be very acceptive of feedback even if takes multiple cycles to address it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}